Try harder, Itadori!
This is the last time we curse each other!
Hey, are you trying to exclude me?
He cut himself.
Soul Multiplicity.
Numerous souls with a weak repulsion
response intermixed and turned into flesh.
Polymorphic Soul Isomer!
That transfigured human is...
Since he's strong enough
to stop me and my brother,
the proportion of his power
after splitting is probably
2 to 8.
And the smaller proportion
indicates the main body.
I can leave that to my brother.
He can handle it.
I heard the grade of transfigured humans
is about Grade 3 to Grade 2.
Quickly finish him, Aoi Todo!
What?
Todo!
You underestimated me!
He was dead.
He was so strong,
yet he died from a single blow.
I see.
He let several souls
to burn out in an instant
to obtain explosive power?
Super offensive transfigured human, and...
There are two more.
Forgive me, poor souls.
I separated him from Todo.
That's exactly
what I want!
It seems
you really want to exclude me completely.
Two Polymorphic Soul Isomers
couldn't kill him?
It seems quite hard to hit him.
But if I expand my domain,
I will encounter Sukuna
and get killed by him.
Barrier techniques are complex.
Itadori knows that I once expanded
a domain that excluded him.
Repeating the same trick
on him probably won't work.
What should I do?
The person who taught me this trick was...
Domain Expansion.
Self-Embodiment of Perfection!
That's practically suicide.
Let's take a gamble.
0,2 seconds of Domain Expansion.
Todo expanded the Simple Domain
that Yuki Tsukumo taught him
to protect himself from the domain.
Itadori was faster,
and he sprinted forward,
attempting to exorcise Mahito before
the release of Idle Transfiguration.
However, Mahito launched
the technique faster than Itadori.
The materialization of Innate Domain
and the activation of the technique
combined the project
of two stages into one.
Experiencing Black Flash
and being in an awakened state
enabled him to act so fast.
Sukuna, did I pass safely?
For someone like you,
you must have set up a barrier
between you and Itadori.
You won't succeed.
I'll kill him before you switch with him.
Just stay here and watch.
Todo!
What's the matter?
I deliberately made it prettier for you.
After the Domain Expansion,
the technique etched on the body
will become difficult to use.
Mahito realized this when he escaped
from Satosakura High School.
Black Flash!
This guy...
He instinctively concentrated
all his cursed energy in his abdomen.
But the technique has already recovered.
And he can't clap.
This time I can definitely kill him!
At first sight, my heart fluttered
No matter how far
I jump high into the sky
Flying to your side...
A PICTURE OF TODO'S IMAGINATION
TAKADA-CHAN "CLIMAX☆JUMPING!"
Look, courage sprouted in my chest
I stand up bravely with resolve
Want to move forward step by step
Achieve! My own wish!
Try stepping out of the comfort zone
To a place I've never been
Tantakata~n
I can't suppress the thumping of my heart
It encourages me to move on
Although I'm still scared
The voice inside tells me
I want to convey it, I want to keep going
I won't forget at any time or place
The unique feeling in the world...
Oh no.
Black Flash!
He still touched me for a moment.
It's a miracle to only have
such a slight injury.
Leave the rest to me, Todo.
Thank you, Todo!
Damn!
I got hit directly
by Black Flash at this time.
Todo was messing around till the very end.
But I've finally grasped
the essence of my soul,
and its true form.
Idle Transfiguration.
Instant Spirit Body of Distorted Killing.
Time to say happy birthday.
Itadori.
This is different from
those transformations used as means.
What's the difference?
After experiencing Black Flash,
I finally understood my true soul.
That's unexpected.
Didn't expect you to be the type
to find your life purpose.
Yeah.
But I'm just beginning to wrap things up.
After I kill you,
I will truly be born into this world.
So hard. His body
is even harder now.
After experiencing Black Flash,
I finally understood my true soul.
So that's how it is.
This guy...
In terms of cursed spirit,
he has become totally different compared
with the one before the transformation.
To defeat him,
I can only activate Black Flash
with maximum cursed energy and hit him.
This is the only way.
It's only for a moment,
but the Black Flash I took
after Domain Expansion indeed has effects.
It seems that we
are still full of vitality!
No one can consciously unleash
Black Flash.
But the current Itadori
makes one feel he can freely unleash it.
In that case...
He used the time difference.
Cursed spirit,
there is something you don't know.
The wrist is just for a pose.
The so-called clap is the cheer
of souls.
No position switch?
Unfortunately,
my "Boogie Woogie" is dead.
Black flash!
Not yet.
The stock of my transfigured humans...
I admit it, Mahito.
I am you.
I've always wanted to deny you.
I didn't want to agree with what you said.
But now it's different.
I just want to kill you.
If you are born again as a new curse,
I will kill that guy too.
Even if you change your name and look,
I will kill you, no matter how many times.
There's no need for meaning or reason.
Perhaps this act
will only become meaningful
centuries after I'm dead.
I guess I must be only
a gear of some great thing.
I will keep killing curses
before I get rusty.
This is
my mission in this war.
Geto!
Do you need me to save you, Mahito?
An arranged fate
may not be considered fate.
However,
in the moment when false fates intertwine,
it becomes a kind of fate.
Next Episode, "Metamorphosis Part 2."
Some things flourish
within the gilded layers.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org